INSERT INTO artist(artist_id,a_first_name,a_last_name,a_image,a_description)
VALUES(DEFAULT,'Zainul','Abedin','C:\xampp\htdocs\Project\Art gallery\Add\DB\Artist\zynul-Abedin.jpg','Zainul Abedin was born on 29 December 1914 at Kishoreganj, Mymensingh. From 1933 to ’38 he attended the Government School of Arts, Kolkata, and worked extensively on the landscapes of Dumka (Bihar) and Mymensingh. He graduated with distinction and received the Governor’s Gold Medal of the Academy of Fine Arts, Kolkata, in the All India Art Exhibition. During the Bengal Famine in 1943, Abedin rendered his famous brush drawings of famine scenes in Kolkata. In 1947 he migrated to Dhaka and joined a school in Armanitola as Art Teacher. A year later he finalized plans for setting up the Government School of Arts and was appointed the first Principal-designate of the institution. In November 1948, classes of the Government Institute of Arts began in two rooms of the National Medical School at Johnson Road, Dhaka. In 1956 the Institute finally moved to its own (present) campus at Shahbag designed by Architect Muzharul Islam. Abedin personally supervised the construction. He retired as Principal of the East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) College of Arts and Crafts and Dean of the Faculty of Fine Arts, University of Dhaka.'),

(DEFAULT,'S M Sultan',null,'http://localhost/project/Art%20gallery/Add/DB/Artist/a2.jpg','
S M Sultan was born in Narail in 1923. With the help of noted art historian and critic Shahed Suhrawardy, Sultan enrolled in the Calcutta Art School but left after three years without completing a degree. That marked the beginning of a colourful and bohemian life that took him to many different cities. The muscular sinewy village folk appearing in Sultan’s paintings contrast strongly with the emaciated and weak figures that people rural Bengal. The ensuing tension between expectation and reality, exploitation and justice, violence and contentment, sets the tone for his epic narratives. Sultan participated in an exhibition at Victoria Embankment in Hampstead, London, along with Picasso, Dali, Braque, Klee and others in 1956. He received the Ekushey Padak (1982), the Independence Day Award (1993), the Bangladesh Charushilpi Sangshad Honour (1986) and from 1984, was made a Resident Artist of the Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy. In 1998, Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy conferred on him a special award to mark the 50th anniversary of fine art in the country.

Sultan built a school for children, and a menagerie in his home town Narail. There he established the Kurigram Fine Arts Institute in 1969. He founded, with others, the Charupeeth School of Art in Jessore in 1973. Except for occasional visits to Dhaka where he had his first major exhibition in 1976, Sultan lived in Narail for the most part. He had close ties with the founder chairman of Bengal Foundation Professor Abdur Razzak and his nephew Abul Khair.  Sultan died in 1994 in Narail.
'),
(DEFAULT,'Quamrul','Hassan','http://localhost/project/Art%20gallery/Add/DB/Artist/a3.jpg','Quamrul Hassan was born on 2 December 1921 at Bardhaman, India. He graduated in Fine Arts from the Government Institute of Arts (presently Government College of Arts and Crafts, Kolkata) in 1947. Quamrul played a leading role in establishing the Institute of Fine Arts with Shilpacharya Zainul Abedin and taught there till 1960. The East Pakistan Small and Cottage Industries was established under his leadership in 1960; he retired as Director of its Design Center in 1978. Qamrul received the President’s Gold Medal in 1965, Comilla Foundation Gold Medal in 1982, Independence Day Award (highest civilian award instituted by the Government of Bangladesh) in 1979, Bangladesh Charushilpi Sangshad Award in 1984 and Mahbubullah Trust Gold Medal in 1987. Quamrul Hassan worked as a free-lance artist till his death.'),
(DEFAULT,'Safiuddin','Ahmed','http://localhost/project/Art%20gallery/Add/DB/Artist/a4.jpg',null),
(DEFAULT,'Mohammad','Kibria','http://localhost/project/Art%20gallery/Add/DB/Artist/a5.jpg','Kibria (b. 1929, Birbhum, West Bengal) a forerunner of the modernist movement in painting, has been a significant force in shaping the destiny of art in this country. The quintessential modernist, not only had he led the ranks in setting the course for visual art in the 50s but also won international acclaim for Bangladesh art. Kibria’s exhibition set off Bengal Gallery of Fine Arts on a propitious start in 2000.
Kibria graduated from the College of Arts and Crafts in Kolkata (1950) and later studied painting and graphics at Tokyo University of Fine Arts (1959 – 62). He received the first prize in painting in National Art Exhibitions held in 1957 and 1958. He later received the President’s Medal for Pride of Performance in Painting in 1969. His brilliant performance in Japan got him the Starlem Award at the First Young Asian Artists Exhibition in Tokyo (1959) and an award in the All Japan Print Exhibition (1960). At home he received the Silver Jubilee Award of the Bangladesh College of Arts and Crafts (1973), the Ekushey Padak (1983), the Bangladesh Charushilpi Sangsad Honour (1985), and the Independence Day Award (1999). To mark the 50th anniversary of fine art in the country, Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy conferred a special award on Mohammad Kibria in 1998. Kibria was a member of the international jury in the 12th Kuwait Biennale. He received the Japanese Foreign Minister’s Honour award in 2002. After 45 years in teaching Kibria was made Professor Emeritus of the Faculty of Fine Arts, University of Dhaka, in 2008.
With the passing away of Mohammad Kibria on 7 June 2011, an important chapter in the history of our modern art has come to an end, a chapter in which he was one of the central characters. He not only helped shape the ethos of our modern art with creativity and power, but gave it many of its defining characteristics.
In July 2011 Bengal Gallery of Fine Arts organized an exhibition of his works under the title Tribute to Kibria. The works were culled from the collections of two noteworthy art collectors of the country – Abul Khair, Chairman, Bengal Foundation, and Matiur Rahman, Editor, Prothom Alo'),
